D3DShark - General Information:
===============================

  D3DShark - DirectX Component Framework
  Copyright (C) 2012-2013 Michael Bleis
  
  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
  (at your option) any later version.
  
  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
  GNU General Public License for more details.
  
  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


Requirements:
-------------

  - Boost <http://www.boost.org/>
  - Microsoft Active Template Library
  - Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 <http://www.microsoft.com/visualstudio/>
  - Microsoft DirectX SDK <http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=6812>


Boost:
------

  Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
  obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
  this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
  execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
  Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
  do so, all subject to the following:

  The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
  the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
  must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
  all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
  works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
  a source language processor.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
  SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
  FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
  ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
  DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


Lua:
----

  Copyright © 1994–2013 Lua.org, PUC-Rio.
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
  of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished
  to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
  copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR  PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
  CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


Luabind:
--------

  Luabind is a library that helps you create bindings between C++ and Lua. It
  has the ability to expose functions and classes, written in C++, to Lua. It
  will also supply the functionality to define classes in lua and let them
  derive from other lua classes or C++ classes. Lua classes can override virtual
  functions from their C++ baseclasses. It is written towards Lua 5.x, and does
  not work with Lua 4.

  It is implemented utilizing template meta programming. That means that you
  don't need an extra preprocess pass to compile your project (it is done by the
  compiler). It also means you don't (usually) have to know the exact signature
  of each function you register, since the library will generate code depending
  on the compile-time type of the function (which includes the signature). The
  main drawback of this approach is that the compilation time will increase for
  the file that does the registration, it is therefore recommended that you
  register everything in the same cpp-file.

  Luabind is released under the terms of the [MIT license][1].

  > Copyright Daniel Wallin, Arvid Norberg 2003.
  > Extracted from <http://www.rasterbar.com/products/luabind/docs.html>

  [1]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
